Shushan and Demon Sect have been arguing for thousands of years
Today I am back in the world to rule the world
You should serve me as the master
Uncle, I have already said
If you want the devil
I am naturally willing to serve you as the master
I will hand over the entire Demon Sect to you
Shushan See Sect Sect Master, you help me be a mountain
I am also willing to hand over Shushan Jianzong to you
Demon Lord and Shushan make two swords
You want a bucket today?
Then isn't this Qingyun becoming the common master of the world?
It can really be compared with the Shushan Sword Emperor a thousand years ago
Greet the Lord of the World
I didn't expect it.
It can really unify the two paths of good and evil
Push Demon Sect and Shushan
I don't agree with that.